SPEC-1: Artist and Album Search Interface Documentation
:sectnums:
:toc:

This header defines the document title and section numbering configurations along with the Table of Contents (TOC).

Background
This section describes the context and rationale behind the implementation. It explains that the objective is to create a user interface for searching information about artists, albums, and songs using data stored in a JSON file. It also mentions that the interface will include an autocomplete search box, a search button, and detailed visualization of results.

Requirements
This section lists project requirements using MoSCoW prioritization:

M (Must have): Essential requirements.
S (Should have): Important but not essential requirements.
C (Could have): Desirable but not critical requirements.
W (Won't have): Requirements that won't be implemented in this phase.
The requirements for this project are:

M: The interface must allow searching for artists, albums, and songs.
M: Autocomplete suggestions should appear when typing in the search box.
S: The interface should load data from an external JSON file.
S: Search results must be displayed clearly and in detail.
C: The interface should be responsive and handle keyboard navigation properly.
W: Add support for different languages.
Method
This section describes the method used to implement the solution, including architecture and data flow. It explains that the interface loads data from a JSON file, processes this data to generate autocomplete suggestions, and visualizes search results.

A sequence diagram in PlantUML is included to illustrate the data flow and interactions between the user, the browser, and the JSON file:

plantuml
Copy code
@startuml

actor User

participant Browser

Browser -> JSONFile: fetch('data.json')
activate JSONFile
JSONFile -> Browser: data (JSON)
deactivate JSONFile

User -> Browser: types in search box
Browser -> Browser: display suggestions
User -> Browser: selects suggestion or presses search

alt artist match
    Browser -> Browser: display artist info
else album match
    Browser -> Browser: display album info
else song match
    Browser -> Browser: display song info
end

@enduml
In the diagram:

The user (User) interacts with the browser (Browser) by typing in the search box.
The browser fetches data from a JSON file (JSONFile).
The browser processes user inputs to show autocomplete suggestions.
Depending on the match, the browser displays information about the artist, album, or song.
This documentation provides a comprehensive overview of the interface for searching artists and albums, detailing its requirements, background, and implementation method.
